mobile backing in more on the wings
senior day here in northwestern among
others honor today our Escalade Mike
Koval gate ins down the lane closed it
around Thompson off the steel more for
three
and the rebound shooter Kobe brownie
sound presents download shooting over
seventy percent from the core on the air
Thompson with really sure nough and
mirkovic leave rally Duncan as all on
the dummy play inside easy to the
lateral movement Davis sense that able
to turn the corner of the finish sure
nough for three
both teams very patient on the offensive
end so as you mentioned it's going to be
a low scoring affair covel soft glass
choose Thompson to the point Kevin covel
now rally and juncture on the floor
rally inside war looking inside proposal
not fair sure nough on the flash
closer oh here
and he delivers off class
mobile deep three
mirka mix got it
clears the Thompson in the corner clears
ball Winkle 43 mirkovic looking for a
cutter Pines wore out front Thompson
again for three
Iowa spy three Thompson to the time he
has rung the bell three times in our
points in
has three possessions for juice Thompson
I always did a good job it seems like at
the back door covel 23 he's on have the
Hawkeyes but his floor game has been
outstanding fuller got an open look to
the corner dug out of there by clothings
done a fairly nice job on the boards for
northwestern here today
go the last five rebounds
it clears his hands but I tell you what
that play was made possible because of
Michael Thompson with his head up
do they had to find Thompson in
transition that allowed more to run that
left wing unfettered and get his feet
set go
baseline jumper covel has 16 Nash
completely face guarding Jay killing
piece of that first shot
hold it
Oh
he notes the first
the day in which he has struggled from
the field a couple of late three-point
field goals mistake his side to the lead
and now he is at the free-throw line
trying to put a dagger into the Hawkeyes
more for for fourth line make it 545 and
northwestern will extend the defense
just a little bit here you see Nash down
their face guarding Kelly gonna force I
would have burnt some plot
Bullwinkle
on the drive they go for two
he does not get the role but a pile
coming up and I tell you what oh wow
they're calling the foul offensive foul
on tape
five fouls for Cyrus Tate so he fouls
out of the ballgame and again it didn't
look like much contact but if us a
defender put two hands on an offensive
player you're going to get called for it
and I think the other thing that might
have factored into that call wing was
not only that was a little bit of
contact from tape in the mirkovic with
that contact force mirkovic maybe to
have that contact with gayton so that
might have been another thing that the
official took into consideration to keep
the ball handler in front of use force
them to make shots Davis missing to
green Michael Thompson and this will do
the northwestern wildcats in a
hard-fought 5549 victory over the Iowa
Hawkeyes
16 for Kevin gobo 14 for Michael
Thompson break for a tough shooting day
but a couple of three-point field goals
laid the second ham he had 11 and help
push northwestern to a 5549 victory over
Iowa Sean Morris Wayne Lehr he's so long
from abington let's go to the big 10
network studio Davidson